EDUCATION:
Graduated from faculty of Commerce Ein shams University.
Year of graduation: 2013
Education
2013 Masters of Technology in VLSI Design And Embedded Systems, Visvesvaraya
Technological University, Belgaum, Percentage – 71.7.
First Class Distinction
2010 Bachelor of Engineering, Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum, Per-
centage – 61.0.
Specialized in Electronics and Communication
Masters Thesis
Title DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION OF WEB BASED POWER QUALITY ANA-
LYZER ON ARM Cortex M3
Bachelors Thesis
Title DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION OF POWER QUALITY ANALYZER ON PIC
MICROCONTROLLER
Undergraduate computer science and engineering pursuing master’s degree. Passionate about data analysis,
with strong technical, business, and interpersonal skills for working in a team and successfully completing a
project.
Education
Academic Qualifications 
Saint Peters University
M.Sc. Data Science, Predicted First Class
 Radharaman Institute of Technology and Science
B.Eng. Computer Science and Engineering, First Class
Jersey City
2015–2017
India
2007–2011
Notable Projects
Masters Project (Ongoing): ’Development of an Intelligent Fraud Tracking Model’
I am part of a team developing a fraud insurance claims tracking model. This ambitious project requires
strong team-working skills and high technical ability. I work well as part of the team, contributing in group
discussions and taking initiative to set myself tasks when the next stage of the project is not clear. Given
the role of developer and designer, I am responsible for setting goals and ensuring model accuracy to meet
the specifications of the project.
First year group project: ’Development of a model to predict cancer death rate’
This challenging project was about analyzing ten years of cancer mortality data sets and developing a
model to predict the cancer death rate . Given the role of data analyst/engineer it required excellent
planning and organizational skills, and the ability to teach myself an complex subject. The project was a
success, with the model accuracy of 80 percent
BCS -Engineering Communication-Al shrook Acadmy.Graduation year: 2011.
Major: communication, electronic, &network Department.
Education:
STUDENT IN :
Higher Institute For Computer and Information Systems
English Department. (Abu kir Higher Institutes)
Bechelor degree in Management Information Systems
Over All Grade : Exellent with honors
Graduation Year : 2017
The First Of My Classmates
Last Degree: B.Sc. of Computers & information systems
Faculty of Computers & Information Systems, Helwan University.
Education:
Oct. 2016 - June 2017:
9-Month Diploma, Professional Developer Track, Information Technology Institute (ITI),
Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (MCIT).
Coursework URL: https://goo.gl/nJxxss
Sept 2009 - June 2013:
B.Sc. Computer Science, Computer Science Department, Faculty of Computers and Information
Science,Mansoura University, Mansoura, Egypt.
Graduation Project: Blog.
Accumulative Grade: Very Good.
Sept. 2009:
General Certificate of High School , Ahmed Maher Secondary School
EDUCATION AND
TRAINING
2015-2020 Student at institute of aviation engineering and technology (
Department of communications and electronics Engineering )
( Ranked third ) iaet-edu.org
August 2016 Complete Android Developer course ( Udemy academy )
January 2016 Java tutorial ( solo learn )
January 2016 Sql fundamentals ( solo learn )
2014-2015
Egyptian Secondary certificate
EDUCATION:
Jul 2007 - Aug 2012
Bachelor of electronic Engineering,
Department of electronic and electrical communication engineering
Menoufya University
Educational Qualifcations :
 Completed bachelors in Engineering , department of System
and Computer Engineering 2016
Completed Higher Secondary Education from Egypt 2011 .
Educational Qualifcations :
Completed bachelors in Engineering , department of System
and Computer Engineering 2016
Completed Higher Secondary Education from Egypt 2011
Education
Talaat Harb Language School (Primary & Preparatory) - from 1999 to 2010.
Mounir El-Gammal Language School (Secondary) - from 2010 to 2013.
Faculty of commerce English section MIS Department with grade GOOD - from 2013 to 2017.
Education
University: Fayoum
College: Engineering - Communication and Electronics department
Grade: Good 70%
Grad Project: Excellent
Year: Class of 2017
Education
B.Sc. in Information Engineering Technology German University in Cairo
Major: Networking
GPA: C+
B.Sc. Thesis: B+
Studied 9th semester in GUC Berlin Campus
General Secondary Certificate (High School)
Aliaa Private School
Education
Fayoum University.
Computers and information faculty.
Bachelors in Computer Science (2016).
Grade : Excellent.
CANDIDATE FOR BACHELOR OF
APPLIED SCIENCE IN HONOURS
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING,
CO-OP
September 2014-Present
UNIVERSITY OF WATERLOO
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science – Scientific Computing Department.
Key Coursework: Algorithms, Data Structures, Operating Systems, Mathematical Programming (Advanced
Graphs and Dynamic Programming), Artificial Intelligence; Neural Networks; Computer Vision and Pattern
Recognition; Object-Oriented Programming; Software Engineering; Distributed Computing.
Ain Shams University
EDUCATION
Education
Graduated from faculty of computers and information in2013
Information system department
qualification
Education
BSc. Of Information system (IS), Faculty of computer and information science, Ain Shams
University, Egypt.
Graduation year : 2016
Total degree : Good
Graduation Project : News aggregator website (PHP,JavaScript,JQuery,HTML5,Css3,Bootstrap)
Project grade : Excellent
Education
Business information system
Faculty of commerce and business administration
Graduated July 2017
GPA: 3.50/4.0 (Excellent with Honors)
Graduation Project Grade: A+ ( Excellent )
Work Experience
Participant
Udacity Android Developer Nano-degree
December 2017 - Present
Android Developer Nano-degree from Udacity and Google Under supervision of Next Technology Leaders
Program from TIEC.
Participant
November 2017 - Present
Google Developer Challenge Scholarship: Android Basics
Scholarship offered by Google and Udacity for Android Basic course on Udacity
Freelancing
Android Developer
Work as a freelancer Android Developer.
Github: https://github.com/Ahmeda1708
Makaan Application
Back-End Developer
September 2016 - July 2017
Back-end developer using PHP for the project Makaan
Academic AppFactory
Trainee
August 2017 - Present
December 2014 - January 2015
Training for How to Develop a Universal Application with C# and XAML.
Developing a Universal Application as a result about what we learn in The Training.
EDUCTION
September 2014 (Presented),June 2018 (Expected).
Faculty of Computers and Informatics ,Suez Canal University.
EDUCATION:
Civil Aviation Academy
2008-2011
B.CS (Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science)
Concentration: Computer Science (Grade: Good)
Education:
Future Academy.
BA in Computer Science ,May 2017
Grade: good.
Technical skills:
Programming Language :
Android Development
C#
Java
Markup Language :
HTML
HTML5
CSS
Database:
SQL Server
SQL lite
Social skills:
Teamwork
Leadership
Education:
Misr Higher Institute for Engineering and Technology (2014 - 2017)
Bachelor in computer science (good) Graduation Project (Excellent)
Open Education
CS50 | Harvard University | taught by David Malan :
CS50 teaches students how to think algorithmically and solve problems efficiently
Developing Mobile Applications for Android (Workspace)
Developing Android Apps (Udacity)
Android Students club (Mansoura)
Education
Faculty of Computers and Information Banha University
B.Sc. in Computers and Information System
Education
Qualification :Bachelor
University: Ain Shams University
college : faculty of computer and information science
Department: Information science
Evaluation: good (73% ).
Year of Graduation : 2016 .
Subjects: Artificial intelligent, Big Data, object oriented programming,
Data structure, Network and security, web, android ,prolog(logic programming)
Education
University Education from 2008 to 2011
University
:Thebes Academy
Certificate
: Bachelor of Information System
Education
June, 2017
B.Sc. of Computer Science
Degree: very good with honor degree
GPA: 3.14
Helwan University, Egypt
Qualifications
ITIL V3 Foundation
MCSA 2012.
Microsoft Office Specialist (MOS).
Microsoft Certified Trainer.
CompTIA N+.
CompTIA A+.
Business Process Outsourcing Certified Data Trainer.
Intel Learn program Certified Trainer.
Professional Diploma in Graphics Designing.
Professional Diploma in Sales Management.
Courses for Human Resources (HDP) Human Development Program.
Education
B.A in Accounting
Ain shams university
Faculty of commerce.
Education
Bachelor of Foreign Trade from Advanced Academy Cairo Egypt - 2005
EDUCATION
Bachelorsof Computer sciences& Information Systems – Culture and
Science city 2010
Education
Oct. 2011 – August 2015: BSc. of Computer Science, Faculty of
computers and information, Helwan University.
Accumulative grade: Good , GPA 2.75/4 .
Graduation
Project: E-commerce Using Asp.net with C# .
Oct. 2008 –June 2011: General certificate of education,
“Hosni Mubarak” Secondary School, Egypt.
EDUCATION
University Education:
University Degree: B.S.C in Computer Science.
Institute: The Higher Institute of Optical Technology.
General Grade: Good.
Graduation year: 2003.
Educational Qualifications
First University Degree: Bachelor
University Advanced Academy
Faculty Management Information System
Major Information Technology
Graduation year 2013
Graduation project ARP System
Project Degree Good