Work Experience
Hardware Design Engineer, Picosem Technologies pvt ltd, Bangalore.

Market Research Analyst FREELANCER , , Bangalore.

Intern, Picosem Technologies pvt ltd, Bangalore.

Corporate Trainer (PART TIME) , Globals Research Innovation And
Development , Bangalore.
On Contract
Technical Support Representative, E4E Business Solutions PVT LTD,
Bangalore.
From 26/1/2017 till 5/10/2017 Sheraton Hospital :
JOB DESCRIPTION
In this period I worked as An Accountant
From 1/7/2016 till 12/8/2016 farag’s CO. :
JOB DESCRIPTION:
In this period I worked as Data entry
FROM 8/5/2014 till 8/8/2015 GO BUS CO. :
JOB DESCRIPTION:
In this period I worked as a shift leader in the customer service
Department and Quality Control.
Supervising the day time shift.
Training the new staffers.
Previewing the delivery.
Following complains.
Making daily reports and monthly reports for my direct director.
From 10/2/2014 till 30/4/2014 Egy data co. :
JOB DESCRIPTION:
WORKING AS A TELE SALE
Work Experience
August 2013- Hardware Design Engineer, Picosem Technologies pvt ltd, Bangalore.
Present
Oct 2014- Market Research Analyst FREELANCER , , Bangalore.
March 2015
March 2013- Intern, Picosem Technologies pvt ltd, Bangalore.
August 2013
June 2013- Corporate Trainer (PART TIME) , Globals Research Innovation And
Aug 2013 Development , Bangalore.
On Contract
Oct 2010- Technical Support Representative, E4E Business Solutions PVT LTD,
Jan 2011 Bangalore.
Project Experience
Design Of A Smart lock which can be operated from a Smart Phone via Bluetooth.Designed
Smart Lock the whole system, and performed the necessary functionality tests and monitor the
design of RF Board
Design Of
Spartan 3E
DSP FPGA
Based Board
It is a general purpose board werein the client can access the banks of the FPGA
to enact as an Emulator. This board is provided with the basic interface like the
clock synthesizers, PROM and Input Output Pins. The clock frequency can be
programmed and the program can be stored in the PROM
Diffused laser Laser therapy treatment unit for hair growth was designed. Diffused Lasers were
based hair utilized, and a Driver circuit was designed. A charger circuit was built inside to
re-growth charge the battery.
therapy unit
High precision The project is to identify the variation in X, Y and Z axis. The obtained data was
Digital transferred to Arduino Due board through SPI Interface. Nine Gyro scopes were
Gyroscope used to increase precision, and were individually controlled
I am a Junior Android Developer interested Algorithms Problem solving.
Experience with Object-oriented programming concepts.
Experience with Android SDK and Android Studio.
Experience working with remote data via REST and JSON.
Experience in local storage and database.
UI Development and customization, custom components development.
I have Good Knowledge Location and Map .
I have Good knowledge in Firebase Cloud Messaging ( FCM )
Education
Bachelor's Degree in Information system.
Faculty of Information system, ElShorouk Academy, ElShorouk, Cairo, Egypt, [2012–2016].
Graduation Project
"GramoShare " (Social Media Network) , I was the team Leader of the
Project, using PHP web Service & Android Developer & Ul xml.
Grade: Excellent.
Graduation Grade: Good.
Work Experience
International Safran Morpho , Cairo , Egypt [February 2017– Right Now ].
Android Developer research and design team @ Safran
MDM Morph Mobile Device Management Suite:
Have participated in designing & developing MDM.
Services integrations between the new and old legacy systems.
Have participated in designing & developing MTMC.
Have participated in designing & developing SecureLogTransmission .
BagSoft Company , Cairo , Egypt [November 2016 – February 2017].
Android Developer .
IBM Company , Cairo , Egypt [January 2016 – March 2016 ].
Training Web Development for Mobiles
Restart Technology Company , Cairo , Egypt [ July 2014 – October 2014].
Training Android Development
Technical Experience
Database
My SQL
SQLite
Realm
Programming
Java standard edition
Java Enterprise Edition
PHP
Operating System
LINUX
Windows
Scripting Language
JSON
XML
JavaScript
4 Months experience Tatweer For Information
Technology working on multiple projects for
marseilia and Arkan on my own
Since 11-6-2017
ASP.NET MVC developer at Double
Click Enterprise company using
technologies: ASP.NET MVC, Entity
framework, JQuery, MS SQL Server
Databases.
Till now
Professional Experience
WORK EXPERIENCE
July 2016 – Customer service
august 2016
Raya contact center
Experience:
TheWayOut – internet and network solutions
Scope of Work -Job Title: NOC Engineer
wideband – internet service provider, Jeddah, KSA
Scope of work: -Job Title: Technical Engineer
TE_DATA, internet service provider, Egypt, Cairo
Scope of work: -Job Title: Technical Support
Monitoring internet lines of customers.
Monitoring network solution of customers.
Basic troubleshooting for down leased and ADSL lines
Monitoring data center
Following and responding to customer requests by e-mails
delivering internet service through internet towers.
installing and configuring receiving microwave devices from ubnt company for.
installing and configuring cisco router (series 1811) for delivering dedicated line internet service.
Adjusting ADSL router settings and activating internet service.
Troubleshooting and solving customer technical problems in Network Connection.
Escalating to 2 nd level and 3 rd level support.
Updating and closing solved tickets.
Previous Experience :
Worked in 3S Apps from 1/9/2015 to 1/1/2016 as
android developer
Graphic design (logos – personal IDs – banners – UI/UX).
Building android applications (designing using xml – coding using Java).
Building desktop applications (Java – C#).
Capabilities
Creating functional databases (SQL server – SQLite).
Already built a simple inventory management system and some mobile apps.
Experience
Business Development Executive at Interact company
Android developer at Indeves startup
Freelancer at android development
Intern at Giza systems
Volunteering Experience
Chairman at IEEE Fayoum Student Branch (2014-2015)
Volunteer at Aiesec Fayoum 2014
Volunteer at Tedx Fayoum 2014
Work experience
Nuvolari
Computer Programing Training
Learning new coding language (ruby)
Communication, team work, problem solving.
Became adaptable to change and have ability to learn new
skills.
Association of management and information
technology (AMIT)
Participant
Studying master android diploma.
Creating android application code (where is my pizza).
Achieve a certain tasks in the scheduled time with excellence
Team working.
Designed, developed, and tested multiple features, enhancing core cloud
application, all of them currently in production
Designed and wrote access permissions throughout the central monitoring
application, such as publicly exposed internal APIs, authentications, and
creating and assigning data reports , making it secure and reliable for all level of
users
Developed various automated tests in Mocha framework with maximum code
coverage
Implementation in HTML/CSS/AngularJS (frontend) and Node.js (backend)
using node and gulp servers
EXPERIENCE SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INTERN
Increased Microsoft configuration manager asset database accuracy by
resolving a discrepancy involving over half a million dollars worth of hardware
Developed several efficient standard operation procedures (SOPs) including
virus removals and employee terminations
Conducted training seminars for business affiliates (CDW) to work with
company’s hardware databases upon both annual life cycles and breakage
replacements
Ensured successful migration from IE 8 to IE 10 and Outlook 2010 to Cloud as
a member of the Hyper Care team
Provided hardware and software support to company employees working with
Windows and VMs
Formalized current and newly developed processes in the IT department using
Microsoft Visio
EXPERIENCE
Contracted IT Services
American Publication Company, Cairo
Summer 2015 – Spring 2017
Part-time job while studying.
Handled all IT-related services, including: purchasing, installing, maintaining, and providing professional
technical support for software, hardware, and networks
EXPERIENCE
Trainee on android mobile development apps at hamza company.
EXPERIENCE:
TechnoSinage Company .Net Developer at 4 leith bin saad st, Heliopolis
Work Experiences
Android Developer : Giza Host Company (September 2017 –December 2017 )
Web Developer : Graduation project
About tourist places in Egypt
Using Asp.net and Microsoft SQL Server ( January 2017 – June 2017)
Cloud Developer : IBM
Certified in Cloud Application Developer
Mastery Award (2016) ( January 2017 – June2017)
Android Developer : Google Mobile Application Launchpad (MAL) ( Apr 2016 – Sep 2016)
Software development experience and Android skills development
Certified in Developing Android Apps
Mobile Developer : IBM
Certified in Cross platform
Mobile Application Developement with Worklight Studio v6.2
Experience
1-140 directory (From 4/2013 To 10/2013)
2-Al-Amin Company (From 11/2013 To 5/2014)
3-Te-Data Technical Support (From 8/2014 To 9/2015)
4- Al-Borg Labortary (Help Desk) (From 4/2016 Till Now)
WORK
EXPERIENCE
Regional IT Analyst
Acting as META region representative, (Middle East, Turkey and Africa), in the
European IMPACT team
Led and supervised the IT support team (4 staff) responsible for the whole campus.
Achieved a user satisfaction rating of 4.9/5.0 (14% higher than average);
consistently logged and monitored ticket status to ensure fast, quality resolution of
every issue.
Promoted to assume additional responsibilities as Technical Advisor providing
expert guidance to Help Desk staff.
Developed process within the team to improve communication and instilled a team
mentality versus a support center island mentality reducing case turnover by 25%.
On-site premium support for senior executive video-conferencing meetings – setup,
test & support.
Suppliers & Contracts Management, Follow up on the progress of running projects.
Information Technology Institute (iTi)
Apr 2009 — Mar 2014
Business Process Outsourcing Data Trainer (EDU-Egypt program)
Business Process Outsourcing Data Trainer for Universities students under the
supervision of the Ministry of communication and Information Technology.
Facilitated, Managed and delivered training for soft skills, communication process
and computer courses.
Vodafone
Mar 2008 — Mar 2009
Technical Support Trainer
Hired, trained and developed highly effective Technical support team that
consistently exceeded 97% customer satisfaction ratings
Achieved 25% increase in first-call resolutions by establishing internal training for
product certification program designed to improve technical competencies of
technicians.
Facilitated, Managed and delivered training for soft skills, customer service, and
call center software.
Training of handling customer complains.
Vodafone
Jun 2007 — Mar 2008
Technical Support Representative
Act as a first line of support to all VF Egypt users’ inquiries (technical / billing).
Closed 95% of trouble tickets on the first call without escalation.
Awarded “Star Employee” three times for delivering outstanding technical
support and customer service
Experience
Mobiserve Egypt
First International
Jan 2009 - Present
Data Analysis Specialist
Manipulating, cleansing & processing data using Excel, Access and SQL.
Responsible for loading, extracting and validation of client data.
Developing data analytical databases from complex financial source data.
Confirming project requirements by studying user requirements, conferring with others on
project team.
Data entry, data auditing, creating data reports & monitoring all data for accuracy.
Designing, developing and implementing new functionality.
Maintaining data dictionary by revising and entering definitions.
Maintaining client confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential.
Contributing to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
Determining changes in physical database by studying project requirements, identifying
database characteristics, such as location, amount of space, and access method.
Changing database system by coding database descriptions.
Protecting database by developing access system, specifying user level of access.
Maintaining user reference by writing and rewriting database descriptions.
Mobiserve Egypt
First International
Jan 2006- Dec 2009
Senior Data processing (sorting)
Performing operational support duties of the Data Processing department.
Assisting the Data Processing supervisor and manager to ensure that all Data Processing
functions operate effectively and efficiently.
Performing daily operations which support functions of core processing system(s).
WORK EXPERIENCE
# I successfully completed Graduation Project in asp.net with c
I was working IT Training at Link development company in Maadi Branch
for one year
I was working in alyamama hotel in riyadh Administrator for one1 - 2
yearI was working IT at Saudi Binladin Group at Project King Abdullah
University of Science and Technology(KAUST)
I was working IT Administrator at Saudi Binladin Group at ProjectKudai
station in mecca
